Include a 200–300 word response in your code or in a separate .txt file:

    Why is a stack the right choice for undo/redo?
        Because an undo/redo system is naturally suited to a last in first out ordering. You will always want to undo/redo the action that was most recently taken/undone, then proceed in reverse chronological order. This way of traversing through actions is exactly the way a stack is traversed, so it would obviously be the first choice to be considered. Because almost all implementations of an undo/redo system do not need to access any actions beyond the most recent one, the limitations of a stack are also perfectly acceptable.
    Why is a queue better suited for the help desk?
        Because a help desk system naturally has a first in first out ordering. You will want to minimize the time each individual customer spends waiting, and therefore whenever you have an attendant free you will want to serve the customer who has been waiting the longest e.g. the one who came in first. The first consideration for an accompanying data structure would obviously be one that accesses items in the same way (and also not coincidentally shares a name with such an arrangement). The only situation in which a standard queue would not be optimal would be if there was some sort of VIP or appointment system in place, but in that situation you would simply slightly alter the queue to sort its items primarily by a priority and secondarily by entrance order, a priority queue.
    How do your implementations differ from Python’s built-in lists?
        They are constructed as linked lists, which means that they don't have to take up contiguous space in memory, don't have to reallocate memory to change their size, and can add items to the ends much faster. But they also can be quickly accessed *only* from the ends, and have to traverse item by item in order to access items in the middle. They are also missing some functionality entirely, such as users being completely unable to directly access the middle or bottom/back of the list. Most missing functionality could be achieved with this implementation, but it would not be as efficient as a normal list if it required going beyond the ends, and was not in the scope of this assignment.
